{\rtf1\adeflang1025\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\adeff31507\deff0\stshfdbch31506\stshfloch31506\stshfhich31506\stshfbi31507\deflang1033\deflangfe1033\themelang1033\themelangfe0\themelangcs0{\fonttbl{\f2\fbidi \fmodern\fcharset0\fprq1{\*\panose 02070309020205020404}Courier New;}{\f34\fbidi \froman\fcharset1\fprq2{\*\panose 02040503050406030204}Cambria Math;}
{\f37\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020f0502020204030204}Calibri;}{\f39\fbidi \fmodern\fcharset0\fprq1{\*\panose 020b0609020204030204}Consolas;}{\flomajor\f31500\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}
{\fdbmajor\f31501\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\fhimajor\f31502\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020f0302020204030204}Calibri Light;}
{\fbimajor\f31503\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\flominor\f31504\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}
{\fdbminor\f31505\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\fhiminor\f31506\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020f0502020204030204}Calibri;}
{\fbiminor\f31507\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f60\fbidi \fmodern\fcharset238\fprq1 Courier New CE;}{\f61\fbidi \fmodern\fcharset204\fprq1 Courier New Cyr;}
{\f63\fbidi \fmodern\fcharset161\fprq1 Courier New Greek;}{\f64\fbidi \fmodern\fcharset162\fprq1 Courier New Tur;}{\f65\fbidi \fmodern\fcharset177\fprq1 Courier New (Hebrew);}{\f66\fbidi \fmodern\fcharset178\fprq1 Courier New (Arabic);}
{\f67\fbidi \fmodern\fcharset186\fprq1 Courier New Baltic;}{\f68\fbidi \fmodern\fcharset163\fprq1 Courier New (Vietnamese);}{\f410\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Calibri CE;}{\f411\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Calibri Cyr;}
{\f413\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Calibri Greek;}{\f414\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Calibri Tur;}{\f417\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Calibri Baltic;}{\f418\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Calibri (Vietnamese);}
{\f430\fbidi \fmodern\fcharset238\fprq1 Consolas CE;}{\f431\fbidi \fmodern\fcharset204\fprq1 Consolas Cyr;}{\f433\fbidi \fmodern\fcharset161\fprq1 Consolas Greek;}{\f434\fbidi \fmodern\fcharset162\fprq1 Consolas Tur;}
{\f437\fbidi \fmodern\fcharset186\fprq1 Consolas Baltic;}{\f438\fbidi \fmodern\fcharset163\fprq1 Consolas (Vietnamese);}{\flomajor\f31508\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}
{\flomajor\f31509\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\flomajor\f31511\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\flomajor\f31512\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}
{\flomajor\f31513\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\flomajor\f31514\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\flomajor\f31515\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}
{\flomajor\f31516\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\fdbmajor\f31518\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\fdbmajor\f31519\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}
{\fdbmajor\f31521\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\fdbmajor\f31522\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\fdbmajor\f31523\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}
{\fdbmajor\f31524\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\fdbmajor\f31525\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\fdbmajor\f31526\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}
{\fhimajor\f31528\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Calibri Light CE;}{\fhimajor\f31529\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Calibri Light Cyr;}{\fhimajor\f31531\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Calibri Light Greek;}
{\fhimajor\f31532\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Calibri Light Tur;}{\fhimajor\f31535\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Calibri Light Baltic;}{\fhimajor\f31536\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Calibri Light (Vietnamese);}
{\fbimajor\f31538\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\fbimajor\f31539\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\fbimajor\f31541\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}
{\fbimajor\f31542\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\fbimajor\f31543\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\fbimajor\f31544\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}
{\fbimajor\f31545\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\fbimajor\f31546\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\flominor\f31548\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}
{\flominor\f31549\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\flominor\f31551\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\flominor\f31552\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}
{\flominor\f31553\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\flominor\f31554\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\flominor\f31555\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}
{\flominor\f31556\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\fdbminor\f31558\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\fdbminor\f31559\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}
{\fdbminor\f31561\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\fdbminor\f31562\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\fdbminor\f31563\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}
{\fdbminor\f31564\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\fdbminor\f31565\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\fdbminor\f31566\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}
{\fhiminor\f31568\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Calibri CE;}{\fhiminor\f31569\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Calibri Cyr;}{\fhiminor\f31571\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Calibri Greek;}{\fhiminor\f31572\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Calibri Tur;}
{\fhiminor\f31575\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Calibri Baltic;}{\fhiminor\f31576\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Calibri (Vietnamese);}{\fbiminor\f31578\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}
{\fbiminor\f31579\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\fbiminor\f31581\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\fbiminor\f31582\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}
{\fbiminor\f31583\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\fbiminor\f31584\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\fbiminor\f31585\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}
{\fbiminor\f31586\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\f40\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f41\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}
{\f43\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\f44\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\f45\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\f46\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}
{\f47\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\f48\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;
\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}
{\*\defchp \f31506\fs22 }{\*\defpap \ql \li0\ri0\sa160\sl259\slmult1\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 }\noqfpromote {\stylesheet{\ql \li0\ri0\sa160\sl259\slmult1
\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af31507\afs22\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \f31506\fs22\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \snext0 \sqformat \spriority0 Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive 
\ssemihidden \sunhideused \spriority1 Default Paragraph Font;}{\*
\ts11\tsrowd\trftsWidthB3\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trcbpat1\trcfpat1\tblind0\tblindtype3\tsvertalt\tsbrdrt\tsbrdrl\tsbrdrb\tsbrdrr\tsbrdrdgl\tsbrdrdgr\tsbrdrh\tsbrdrv \ql \li0\ri0\sa160\sl259\slmult1
\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af31507\afs22\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \f31506\fs22\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \snext11 \ssemihidden \sunhideused Normal Table;}{
\s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af31507\afs21\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \f39\fs21\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext15 \slink16 \sunhideused Plain Text;}
{\*\cs16 \additive \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs21 \ltrch\fcs0 \f39\fs21 \sbasedon10 \slink15 \slocked Plain Text Char;}}{\*\rsidtbl \rsid4146157\rsid6684948\rsid9207276\rsid11892085\rsid11931035\rsid16206788}{\mmathPr\mmathFont34\mbrkBin0\mbrkBinSub0\msmallFrac0
\mdispDef1\mlMargin0\mrMargin0\mdefJc1\mwrapIndent1440\mintLim0\mnaryLim1}{\info{\author Dmytro Toptunov}{\operator Dmytro Toptunov}{\creatim\yr2019\mo2\dy4\hr14\min37}{\revtim\yr2019\mo2\dy4\hr14\min37}{\version2}{\edmins0}{\nofpages24}{\nofwords8094}
{\nofchars46141}{\nofcharsws54127}{\vern57447}}{\*\xmlnstbl {\xmlns1 http://schemas.microsoft.com/office/word/2003/wordml}}\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1501\margr1502\margt1417\margb1417\gutter0\ltrsect 
\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\trackmoves0\trackformatting1\donotembedsysfont1\relyonvml0\donotembedlingdata0\grfdocevents0\validatexml1\showplaceholdtext0\ignoremixedcontent0\saveinvalidxml0\showxmlerrors1\noxlattoyen
\expshrtn\noultrlspc\dntblnsbdb\nospaceforul\formshade\horzdoc\dgmargin\dghspace180\dgvspace180\dghorigin1501\dgvorigin1417\dghshow1\dgvshow1
\jexpand\viewkind1\viewscale130\pgbrdrhead\pgbrdrfoot\splytwnine\ftnlytwnine\htmautsp\nolnhtadjtbl\useltbaln\alntblind\lytcalctblwd\lyttblrtgr\lnbrkrule\nobrkwrptbl\snaptogridincell\allowfieldendsel\wrppunct
\asianbrkrule\rsidroot4146157\newtblstyruls\nogrowautofit\usenormstyforlist\noindnmbrts\felnbrelev\nocxsptable\indrlsweleven\noafcnsttbl\afelev\utinl\hwelev\spltpgpar\notcvasp\notbrkcnstfrctbl\notvatxbx\krnprsnet\cachedcolbal \nouicompat \fet0
{\*\wgrffmtfilter 2450}\nofeaturethrottle1\ilfomacatclnup0\ltrpar \sectd \ltrsect\linex0\headery708\footery708\colsx708\endnhere\sectlinegrid360\sectdefaultcl\sectrsid2980620\sftnbj {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}
{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}
{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9
\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \ltrpar\s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid16206788 \rtlch\fcs1 \af31507\afs21\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 
\f39\fs21\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af2 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f2\insrsid16206788\charrsid11931035 Mobile HomeCage locomotion tracking software Third-Party License Agreements And Acknowledgements
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af2 \ltrch\fcs0 \f2\insrsid16206788\charrsid16206788 =========================================================================
\par 
\par 
\par Advanced Plotting Toolkit and it's Third-Party License Agreements And Acknowledgements
\par -------------------------------------------------------------------------
\par -------------------------------------------------------------------------
\par 
\par 
\par Advanced Plotting Toolkit
\par -------------------------
\par This product helps to plot many types of nice plots and histograms.
\par Home page: http://advancedplotting.github.io
\par Manuals page: http://advancedplotting.github.io/docs/index.html
\par GitHub: https://github.com/advancedplotting/aplot
\par 
\par License (BSD-3-Clause):
\par 
\par Copyright (c) 2014-2015, Heliosphere Research LLC and contributors
\par All rights reserved.
\par 
\par Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
\par modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:
\par 
\par 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice,
\par this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.
\par 
\par 2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright
\par notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the
\par documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.
\par 
\par 3. Neither the name of the copyright holder nor the names of its
\par contributors may be used to endorse or promote products derived from this
\par software without specific prior written permission.
\par 
\par THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS"
\par AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE
\par IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE
\par ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT HOLDER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE
\par LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR
\par CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF
\par SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS
\par INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN
\par CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE)
\par ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE
\par POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.
\par 
\par 
\par "This product includes color specifications and designs developed by
\par Cynthia Brewer (http://colorbrewer.org/)."
\par 
\par 
\par Silk Icons
\par ----------
\par 
\par This product makes use of the Silk Icon Set, released by Mark James under the
\par Creative Commons Attribution 2.5 License.
\par 
\par http://www.famfamfam.com/lab/icons/silk
\par 
\par 
\par NumPy
\par -----
\par 
\par Copyright (c) 2005-2011, NumPy Developers.
\par All rights reserved.
\par 
\par Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
\par modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are
\par met:
\par 
\par    Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright
\par        notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.
\par 
\par    Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above
\par        copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following
\par        disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials provided
\par        with the distribution.
\par 
\par    Neither the name of the NumPy Developers nor the names of any
\par        contributors may be used to endorse or promote products derived
\par        from this software without specific prior written permission.
\par 
\par THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS
\par "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT
\par LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR
\par A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT
\par OWNER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL,
\par SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT
\par LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE,
\par DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY
\par THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT
\par (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE
\par OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.
\par 
\par 
\par NumPy (SafeEval)
\par ----------------
\par 
\par Copyright 2006 Michael Spencer.  Released under the Python Software
\par Foundation License (see "Python 2.7", below).
\par 
\par 
\par NumPy (RandomKit)
\par -----------------
\par 
\par Copyright (c) 2003-2005, Jean-Sebastien Roy (js@jeannot.org)
\par 
\par Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a
\par copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
\par "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
\par without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
\par distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to
\par permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
\par the following conditions:
\par 
\par The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included
\par in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.
\par 
\par THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS
\par OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
\par MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.
\par IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY
\par CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT,
\par TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE
\par SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
\par 
\par 
\par NumPy (rk_random, rk_seet, Mersenne Twister RNG)
\par ------------------------------------------------
\par 
\par The rk_random and rk_seed functions algorithms and the original design of
\par the Mersenne Twister RNG:
\par 
\par   Copyright (C) 1997 - 2002, Makoto Matsumoto and Takuji Nishimura,
\par   All rights reserved.
\par 
\par   Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
\par   modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions
\par   are met:
\par 
\par   1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright
\par   notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.
\par 
\par   2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright
\par   notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the
\par   documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.
\par 
\par   3. The names of its contributors may not be used to endorse or promote
\par   products derived from this software without specific prior written
\par   permission.
\par 
\par   THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS
\par   "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT
\par   LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR
\par   A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED.  IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT OWNER
\par   OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL,
\par   EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO,
\par   PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR
\par   PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF
\par   LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING
\par   NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS
\par   SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.
\par   
\par   
\par NumPy (MSUN/npy_math)
\par ---------------------
\par 
\par Copyright (C) 1993 by Sun Microsystems, Inc. All rights reserved.
\par 
\par Developed at SunPro, a Sun Microsystems, Inc. business.
\par Permission to use, copy, modify, and distribute this
\par software is freely granted, provided that this notice
\par is preserved.
\par 
\par 
\par NumPy (npy_math_complex)
\par ------------------------
\par 
\par Copyright (c) 2007 David Schultz <das@FreeBSD.ORG>
\par All rights reserved.
\par 
\par Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
\par modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions
\par are met:
\par 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright
\par    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.
\par 2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright
\par    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the
\par    documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.
\par 
\par THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR AND CONTRIBUTORS ``AS IS'' AND
\par ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE
\par IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE
\par ARE DISCLAIMED.  IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE
\par FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL
\par DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS
\par OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION)
\par HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT
\par LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY
\par OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF
\par SUCH DAMAGE.
\par 
\par 
\par NumPy (mtrand)
\par --------------
\par 
\par Copyright 2005 Robert Kern (robert.kern@gmail.com)
\par 
\par Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a
\par copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
\par "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
\par without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
\par distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to
\par permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
\par the following conditions:
\par 
\par The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included
\par in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.
\par 
\par THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS
\par OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
\par MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.
\par IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY
\par CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT,
\par TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE
\par SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
\par 
\par 
\par NumPy (fenv)
\par ------------
\par 
\par Copyright (c) 2004 David Schultz <das@FreeBSD.ORG>
\par All rights reserved.
\par 
\par Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
\par modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions
\par are met:
\par 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright
\par    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.
\par 2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright
\par    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the
\par    documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.
\par 
\par THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR AND CONTRIBUTORS ``AS IS'' AND
\par ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE
\par IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE
\par ARE DISCLAIMED.  IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE
\par FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL
\par DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS
\par OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION)
\par HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT
\par LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY
\par OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF
\par SUCH DAMAGE.
\par 
\par 
\par Matplotlib
\par ----------
\par 
\par License agreement for matplotlib 1.3.1 
\par 
\par 1. This LICENSE AGREEMENT is between the Matplotlib Development Team
\par (\'93MDT\'94), and the Individual or Organization (\'93Licensee\'94) accessing and
\par otherwise using matplotlib software in source or binary form and its
\par associated documentation.
\par 
\par 2. Subject to the terms and conditions of this License Agreement, MDT
\par hereby grants Licensee a nonexclusive, royalty-free, world-wide license
\par to reproduce, analyze, test, perform and/or display publicly, prepare
\par derivative works, distribute, and otherwise use matplotlib 1.3.1 alone
\par or in any derivative version, provided, however, that MDT\rquote s License
\par Agreement and MDT\rquote s notice of copyright, i.e., \'93Copyright (c) 2012-2013
\par Matplotlib Development Team; All Rights Reserved\'94 are retained in
\par matplotlib 1.3.1 alone or in any derivative version prepared by
\par Licensee.
\par 
\par 3. In the event Licensee prepares a derivative work that is based on or
\par incorporates matplotlib 1.3.1 or any part thereof, and wants to make the
\par derivative work available to others as provided herein, then Licensee
\par hereby agrees to include in any such work a brief summary of the changes
\par made to matplotlib 1.3.1.
\par 
\par 4. MDT is making matplotlib 1.3.1 available to Licensee on an \'93AS IS\'94
\par basis. MDT MAKES NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED.
\par BY WAY OF EXAMPLE, BUT NOT LIMITATION, MDT MAKES NO AND DISCLAIMS ANY
\par REPRESENTATION OR WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR ANY
\par PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR THAT THE USE OF MATPLOTLIB 1.3.1 WILL NOT INFRINGE
\par ANY THIRD PARTY RIGHTS.
\par 
\par 5. MDT SHALL NOT BE LIABLE TO LICENSEE OR ANY OTHER USERS OF MATPLOTLIB
\par 1.3.1 FOR ANY INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OR LOSS AS A
\par RESULT OF MODIFYING, DISTRIBUTING, OR OTHERWISE USING MATPLOTLIB 1.3.1,
\par OR ANY DERIVATIVE THEREOF, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY THEREOF.
\par 
\par 6. This License Agreement will automatically terminate upon a material
\par breach of its terms and conditions.
\par 
\par 7. Nothing in this License Agreement shall be deemed to create any
\par relationship of agency, partnership, or joint venture between MDT and
\par Licensee. This License Agreement does not grant permission to use MDT
\par trademarks or trade name in a trademark sense to endorse or promote
\par products or services of Licensee, or any third party.
\par 
\par 8. By copying, installing or otherwise using matplotlib 1.3.1, Licensee
\par agrees to be bound by the terms and conditions of this License Agreement.
\par 
\par 
\par Matplotlib (PyCXX)
\par ------------------
\par 
\par Copyright (c) 1998 - 2007, The Regents of the University of California
\par Produced at the Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory
\par All rights reserved.
\par 
\par This file is part of PyCXX. For details,see http:cxx.sourceforge.net/. The
\par full copyright notice is contained in the file COPYRIGHT located at the root
\par of the PyCXX distribution.
\par 
\par Redistribution  and  use  in  source  and  binary  forms,  with  or  without
\par modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:
\par 
\par  - Redistributions of  source code must  retain the above  copyright notice,
\par    this list of conditions and the disclaimer below.
\par  - Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice,
\par    this  list of  conditions  and  the  disclaimer (as noted below)  in  the
\par    documentation and/or materials provided with the distribution.
\par  - Neither the name of the UC/LLNL nor  the names of its contributors may be
\par    used to  endorse or  promote products derived from  this software without
\par    specific prior written permission.
\par 
\par THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT  HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS"
\par AND ANY EXPRESS OR  IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING,  BUT NOT  LIMITED TO, THE
\par IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND  FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR  PURPOSE
\par ARE  DISCLAIMED.  IN  NO  EVENT  SHALL  THE  REGENTS  OF  THE  UNIVERSITY OF
\par CALIFORNIA, THE U.S.  DEPARTMENT  OF  ENERGY OR CONTRIBUTORS BE  LIABLE  FOR
\par ANY  DIRECT,  INDIRECT,  INCIDENTAL,  SPECIAL,  EXEMPLARY,  OR CONSEQUENTIAL
\par DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT  LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF  SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR
\par SERVICES; LOSS OF  USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR  BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER
\par CAUSED  AND  ON  ANY  THEORY  OF  LIABILITY,  WHETHER  IN  CONTRACT,  STRICT
\par LIABILITY, OR TORT  (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE)  ARISING IN ANY  WAY
\par OUT OF THE  USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH
\par DAMAGE.
\par 
\par 
\par Matplotlib (Agg)
\par ----------------
\par 
\par The Anti-Grain Geometry Project
\par A high quality rendering engine for C++
\par http://antigrain.com
\par 
\par Anti-Grain Geometry - Version 2.4 
\par Copyright (C) 2002-2005 Maxim Shemanarev (McSeem) 
\par 
\par Permission to copy, use, modify, sell and distribute this software 
\par is granted provided this copyright notice appears in all copies. 
\par This software is provided "as is" without express or implied
\par warranty, and with no claim as to its suitability for any purpose.
\par 
\par 
\par Matplotlib (VoronoiDiagram)
\par ---------------------------
\par 
\par The author of this software is Steven Fortune.  Copyright (c) 1994 by AT&T
\par Bell Laboratories.
\par 
\par Permission to use, copy, modify, and distribute this software for any
\par purpose without fee is hereby granted, provided that this entire notice
\par is included in all copies of any software which is or includes a copy
\par or modification of this software and in all copies of the supporting
\par documentation for such software.
\par 
\par THIS SOFTWARE IS BEING PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED
\par WARRANTY.  IN PARTICULAR, NEITHER THE AUTHORS NOR AT&T MAKE ANY
\par REPRESENTATION OR WARRANTY OF ANY KIND CONCERNING THE MERCHANTABILITY
\par OF THIS SOFTWARE OR ITS FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE.
\par 
\par 
\par Matplotlib (Delauney Triangulation)
\par -----------------------------------
\par 
\par (c) Robert Kern, under the SciPy License (follows)
\par 
\par Copyright (c) 2001, 2002 Enthought, Inc.
\par All rights reserved.
\par 
\par Copyright (c) 2003-2013 SciPy Developers.
\par 
\par Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
\par modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are
\par met:
\par 
\par Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice,
\par this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. Redistributions in
\par binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of
\par conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or
\par other materials provided with the distribution. Neither the name of
\par Enthought nor the names of the SciPy Developers may be used to endorse
\par or promote products derived from this software without specific prior
\par written permission. 
\par 
\par THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS
\par AND CONTRIBUTORS \'93AS IS\'94 AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES,
\par INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY
\par AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL
\par THE REGENTS OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT,
\par INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT
\par NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF
\par USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON
\par ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT
\par (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF
\par THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.
\par 
\par 
\par Matplotlib (BaKoMa Fonts)
\par -------------------------
\par 
\par BaKoMa Fonts Licence
\par 
\par   This licence covers two font packs (known as BaKoMa Fonts Colelction,
\par   which is available at `CTAN:fonts/cm/ps-type1/bakoma/'):
\par 
\par     1) BaKoMa-CM (1.1/12-Nov-94)
\par        Computer Modern Fonts in PostScript Type 1 and TrueType font formats.
\par 
\par     2) BaKoMa-AMS (1.2/19-Jan-95)
\par        AMS TeX fonts in PostScript Type 1 and TrueType font formats.
\par    
\par   Copyright (C) 1994, 1995, Basil K. Malyshev. All Rights Reserved.
\par 
\par   Permission to copy and distribute these fonts for any purpose is 
\par   hereby granted without fee, provided that the above copyright notice, 
\par   author statement and this permission notice appear in all copies of 
\par   these fonts and related documentation.
\par 
\par   Permission to modify and distribute modified fonts for any purpose is 
\par   hereby granted without fee, provided that the copyright notice, 
\par   author statement, this permission notice and location of original 
\par   fonts (http://www.ctan.org/tex-archive/fonts/cm/ps-type1/bakoma)
\par   appear in all copies of modified fonts and related documentation.
\par 
\par   Permission to use these fonts (embedding into PostScript, PDF, SVG
\par   and printing by using any software) is hereby granted without fee. 
\par   It is not required to provide any notices about using these fonts.
\par 
\par  Basil K. Malyshev
\par  INSTITUTE FOR HIGH ENERGY PHYSICS
\par  IHEP, OMVT
\par  Moscow Region
\par  142281 PROTVINO
\par  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af2 \ltrch\fcs0 \f2\lang1035\langfe1033\langnp1035\insrsid16206788\charrsid11931035 RUSSIA
\par 
\par  E-Mail:\tab bakoma@mail.ru
\par       or\tab malyshev@mail.ihep.ru
\par       
\par       
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af2 \ltrch\fcs0 \f2\insrsid16206788\charrsid16206788 Matplotlib (ColorBrewer)
\par ------------------------
\par 
\par Apache-Style Software License for ColorBrewer Color Schemes
\par 
\par Version 1.1
\par 
\par Copyright (c) 2002 Cynthia Brewer, Mark Harrower, and The Pennsylvania 
\par State University. All rights reserved. Redistribution and use in source 
\par and binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided 
\par that the following conditions are met:
\par 
\par 1. Redistributions as source code must retain the above copyright notice, 
\par this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.
\par 
\par 2. The end-user documentation included with the redistribution, if any, 
\par must include the following acknowledgment: "This product includes color 
\par specifications and designs developed by Cynthia Brewer 
\par (http://colorbrewer.org/)." Alternately, this acknowledgment may appear in 
\par the software itself, if and wherever such third-party acknowledgments 
\par normally appear.
\par 
\par 3. The name "ColorBrewer" must not be used to endorse or promote products 
\par derived from this software without prior written permission. For written 
\par permission, please contact Cynthia Brewer at cbrewer@psu.edu.
\par 
\par 4. Products derived from this software may not be called "ColorBrewer", 
\par nor may "ColorBrewer" appear in their name, without prior written 
\par permission of Cynthia Brewer.
\par 
\par THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, 
\par INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY 
\par AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL 
\par CYNTHIA BREWER, MARK HARROWER, OR THE PENNSYLVANIA STATE UNIVERSITY BE 
\par LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR 
\par CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF 
\par SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS 
\par INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN 
\par CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) 
\par ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE 
\par POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.
\par 
\par 
\par Matplotlib (Enthought Contributions)
\par ------------------------------------
\par 
\par Copyright (c) 2001, 2002 Enthought, Inc.
\par 
\par All rights reserved.
\par 
\par Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
\par modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:
\par 
\par   a. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice,
\par      this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.
\par   b. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright
\par      notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the
\par      documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.
\par   c. Neither the name of the Enthought nor the names of its contributors
\par      may be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software
\par      without specific prior written permission.
\par 
\par 
\par THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS"
\par AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE
\par IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE
\par ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE REGENTS OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR
\par ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL
\par DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR
\par SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER
\par CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT
\par LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY
\par OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH
\par DAMAGE.
\par 
\par 
\par Matplotlib (Formlayout)
\par -----------------------
\par 
\par Copyright (c) 2009 Pierre Raybaut
\par 
\par Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person
\par obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation
\par files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without
\par restriction, including without limitation the rights to use,
\par copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
\par copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the
\par Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following
\par conditions:
\par 
\par The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
\par included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.
\par 
\par THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
\par EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES
\par OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND
\par NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT
\par HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY,
\par WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING
\par FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR
\par OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
\par 
\par 
\par Matplotlib (STIX Fonts)
\par -----------------------
\par 
\par Copyright (c) 2001-2010 by the STI Pub Companies, consisting of the American
\par Institute of Physics, the American Chemical Society, the American Mathematical
\par Society, the American Physical Society, Elsevier, Inc., and The Institute of
\par Electrical and Electronic Engineers, Inc. (www.stixfonts.org), with Reserved
\par Font Name STIX Fonts, STIX Fonts (TM) is a  trademark of The Institute of
\par Electrical and Electronics Engineers, Inc.
\par 
\par Portions copyright (c) 1998-2003 by MicroPress, Inc. (www.micropress-inc.com),
\par with Reserved Font Name TM Math. To obtain additional mathematical fonts, please
\par contact MicroPress, Inc., 68-30 Harrow Street, Forest Hills, NY 11375, USA,
\par Phone: (718) 575-1816.
\par 
\par Portions copyright (c) 1990 by Elsevier, Inc.
\par 
\par This Font Software is licensed under the SIL Open Font License, Version 1.1.
\par This license is copied below, and is also available with a FAQ at:
\par http://scripts.sil.org/OFL
\par 
\par -----------------------------------------------------------
\par SIL OPEN FONT LICENSE Version 1.1 - 26 February 2007
\par -----------------------------------------------------------
\par 
\par PREAMBLE
\par The goals of the Open Font License (OFL) are to stimulate worldwide
\par development of collaborative font projects, to support the font creation
\par efforts of academic and linguistic communities, and to provide a free and
\par open framework in which fonts may be shared and improved in partnership
\par with others.
\par 
\par The OFL allows the licensed fonts to be used, studied, modified and
\par redistributed freely as long as they are not sold by themselves. The
\par fonts, including any derivative works, can be bundled, embedded,
\par redistributed and/or sold with any software provided that any reserved
\par names are not used by derivative works. The fonts and derivatives,
\par however, cannot be released under any other type of license. The
\par requirement for fonts to remain under this license does not apply
\par to any document created using the fonts or their derivatives.
\par 
\par DEFINITIONS
\par "Font Software" refers to the set of files released by the Copyright
\par Holder(s) under this license and clearly marked as such. This may
\par include source files, build scripts and documentation.
\par 
\par "Reserved Font Name" refers to any names specified as such after the
\par copyright statement(s).
\par 
\par "Original Version" refers to the collection of Font Software components as
\par distributed by the Copyright Holder(s).
\par 
\par "Modified Version" refers to any derivative made by adding to, deleting,
\par or substituting -- in part or in whole -- any of the components of the
\par Original Version, by changing formats or by porting the Font Software to a
\par new environment.
\par 
\par "Author" refers to any designer, engineer, programmer, technical
\par writer or other person who contributed to the Font Software.
\par 
\par PERMISSION & CONDITIONS
\par Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining
\par a copy of the Font Software, to use, study, copy, merge, embed, modify,
\par redistribute, and sell modified and unmodified copies of the Font
\par Software, subject to the following conditions:
\par 
\par 1) Neither the Font Software nor any of its individual components,
\par in Original or Modified Versions, may be sold by itself.
\par 
\par 2) Original or Modified Versions of the Font Software may be bundled,
\par redistributed and/or sold with any software, provided that each copy
\par contains the above copyright notice and this license. These can be
\par included either as stand-alone text files, human-readable headers or
\par in the appropriate machine-readable metadata fields within text or
\par binary files as long as those fields can be easily viewed by the user.
\par 
\par 3) No Modified Version of the Font Software may use the Reserved Font
\par Name(s) unless explicit written permission is granted by the corresponding
\par Copyright Holder. This restriction only applies to the primary font name as
\par presented to the users.
\par 
\par 4) The name(s) of the Copyright Holder(s) or the Author(s) of the Font
\par Software shall not be used to promote, endorse or advertise any
\par Modified Version, except to acknowledge the contribution(s) of the
\par Copyright Holder(s) and the Author(s) or with their explicit written
\par permission.
\par 
\par 5) The Font Software, modified or unmodified, in part or in whole,
\par must be distributed entirely under this license, and must not be
\par distributed under any other license. The requirement for fonts to
\par remain under this license does not apply to any document created
\par using the Font Software.
\par 
\par TERMINATION
\par This license becomes null and void if any of the above conditions are
\par not met.
\par 
\par DISCLAIMER
\par THE FONT SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
\par EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO ANY WARRANTIES OF
\par MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT
\par OF COPYRIGHT, PATENT, TRADEMARK, OR OTHER RIGHT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
\par COPYRIGHT HOLDER BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY,
\par INCLUDING ANY GENERAL, SPECIAL, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, OR CONSEQUENTIAL
\par DAMAGES, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING
\par FROM, OUT OF THE USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE FONT SOFTWARE OR FROM
\par OTHER DEALINGS IN THE FONT SOFTWARE.
\par 
\par 
\par Matplotlib (GIST/Yorick Colormaps)
\par ----------------------------------
\par 
\par   Copyright (c) 1996.  The Regents of the University of California.
\par \tab \tab \tab  All rights reserved.
\par 
\par Permission to use, copy, modify, and distribute this software for any
\par purpose without fee is hereby granted, provided that this entire
\par notice is included in all copies of any software which is or includes
\par a copy or modification of this software and in all copies of the
\par supporting documentation for such software.
\par 
\par This work was produced at the University of California, Lawrence
\par Livermore National Laboratory under contract no. W-7405-ENG-48 between
\par the U.S. Department of Energy and The Regents of the University of
\par California for the operation of UC LLNL.
\par 
\par 
\par \tab \tab \tab       DISCLAIMER
\par 
\par This software was prepared as an account of work sponsored by an
\par agency of the United States Government.  Neither the United States
\par Government nor the University of California nor any of their
\par employees, makes any warranty, express or implied, or assumes any
\par liability or responsibility for the accuracy, completeness, or
\par usefulness of any information, apparatus, product, or process
\par disclosed, or represents that its use would not infringe
\par privately-owned rights.  Reference herein to any specific commercial
\par products, process, or service by trade name, trademark, manufacturer,
\par or otherwise, does not necessarily constitute or imply its
\par endorsement, recommendation, or favoring by the United States
\par Government or the University of California.  The views and opinions of
\par authors expressed herein do not necessarily state or reflect those of
\par the United States Government or the University of California, and
\par shall not be used for advertising or product endorsement purposes.
\par 
\par 
\par \tab \tab \tab \tab AUTHOR
\par 
\par David H. Munro wrote Yorick and Gist.  Berkeley Yacc (byacc) generated
\par the Yorick parser.  The routines in Math are from LAPACK and FFTPACK;
\par MathC contains C translations by David H. Munro.  The algorithms for
\par Yorick's random number generator and several special functions in
\par Yorick/include were taken from Numerical Recipes by Press, et. al.,
\par although the Yorick implementations are unrelated to those in
\par Numerical Recipes.  A small amount of code in Gist was adapted from
\par the X11R4 release, copyright M.I.T. -- the complete copyright notice
\par may be found in the (unused) file Gist/host.c.
\par 
\par 
\par Matplotlib (Pnpoly)
\par -------------------
\par 
\par Copyright (c) 1970-2003, Wm. Randolph Franklin
\par 
\par Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining
\par a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
\par "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
\par without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
\par distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to
\par permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
\par the following conditions:
\par 
\par    1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright
\par       notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimers.
\par    2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above
\par       copyright notice in the documentation and/or other materials
\par       provided with the distribution.
\par    3. The name of W. Randolph Franklin may not be used to endorse or
\par       promote products derived from this Software without specific
\par       prior written permission. 
\par 
\par THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
\par EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
\par MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND
\par NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE
\par LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION
\par OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION
\par WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
\par 
\par 
\par Matplotlib (ttconv)
\par -------------------
\par 
\par Copyright 1995, Trinity College Computing Center.
\par Written by David Chappell.
\par 
\par Permission to use, copy, modify, and distribute this software and its
\par documentation for any purpose and without fee is hereby granted, provided
\par that the above copyright notice appear in all copies and that both that
\par copyright notice and this permission notice appear in supporting
\par documentation.  This software is provided "as is" without express or
\par implied warranty.
\par 
\par 
\par Matplotlib (Bitstream Vera)
\par ---------------------------
\par 
\par Bitstream Vera Fonts Copyright
\par 
\par The fonts have a generous copyright, allowing derivative works (as
\par long as "Bitstream" or "Vera" are not in the names), and full
\par redistribution (so long as they are not sold by themselves). They
\par can be be bundled, redistributed and sold with any software.
\par 
\par The fonts are distributed under the following copyright:
\par 
\par Copyright (c) 2003 by Bitstream, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Bitstream
\par Vera is a trademark of Bitstream, Inc.
\par 
\par Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining
\par a copy of the fonts accompanying this license ("Fonts") and associated
\par documentation files (the "Font Software"), to reproduce and distribute
\par the Font Software, including without limitation the rights to use,
\par copy, merge, publish, distribute, and/or sell copies of the Font
\par Software, and to permit persons to whom the Font Software is furnished
\par to do so, subject to the following conditions:
\par 
\par The above copyright and trademark notices and this permission notice
\par shall be included in all copies of one or more of the Font Software
\par typefaces.
\par 
\par The Font Software may be modified, altered, or added to, and in
\par particular the designs of glyphs or characters in the Fonts may be
\par modified and additional glyphs or characters may be added to the
\par Fonts, only if the fonts are renamed to names not containing either
\par the words "Bitstream" or the word "Vera".
\par 
\par This License becomes null and void to the extent applicable to Fonts
\par or Font Software that has been modified and is distributed under the
\par "Bitstream Vera" names.
\par 
\par The Font Software may be sold as part of a larger software package but
\par no copy of one or more of the Font Software typefaces may be sold by
\par itself.
\par 
\par THE FONT SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
\par EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO ANY WARRANTIES OF
\par MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT
\par OF COPYRIGHT, PATENT, TRADEMARK, OR OTHER RIGHT. IN NO EVENT SHALL
\par BITSTREAM OR THE GNOME FOUNDATION BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR
\par OTHER LIABILITY, INCLUDING ANY GENERAL, SPECIAL, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL,
\par OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR
\par OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF THE USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE FONT
\par SOFTWARE OR FROM OTHER DEALINGS IN THE FONT SOFTWARE.
\par 
\par Except as contained in this notice, the names of Gnome, the Gnome
\par Foundation, and Bitstream Inc., shall not be used in advertising or
\par otherwise to promote the sale, use or other dealings in this Font
\par Software without prior written authorization from the Gnome Foundation
\par or Bitstream Inc., respectively. For further information, contact:
\par fonts at gnome dot org.
\par 
\par 
\par Matplotlib (14 PDF Core Fonts)
\par ------------------------------
\par 
\par Font Metrics for the 14 PDF Core Fonts (README from the Matplotlib
\par package):
\par 
\par This directory contains font metrics for the 14 PDF Core Fonts,
\par downloaded from Adobe. The title and this paragraph were added by
\par Matplotlib developers. The download URL was
\par <http://partners.adobe.com/public/developer/font/index.html>.
\par 
\par This file and the 14 PostScript(R) AFM files it accompanies may be used,
\par copied, and distributed for any purpose and without charge, with or
\par without modification, provided that all copyright notices are retained;
\par that the AFM files are not distributed without this file; that all
\par modifications to this file or any of the AFM files are prominently noted
\par in the modified file(s); and that this paragraph is not modified. Adobe
\par Systems has no responsibility or obligation to support the use of the
\par AFM files.
\par 
\par 
\par Matplotlib (IPython Numutils)
\par -----------------------------
\par 
\par Copyright (c) 2001-2004, Fernando Perez. <Fernando.Perez@colorado.edu>
\par All rights reserved.
\par 
\par This license was generated from the BSD license template as found in:
\par http://www.opensource.org/licenses/bsd-license.php
\par 
\par Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
\par modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:
\par 
\par     Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice,
\par       this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.
\par 
\par     Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright
\par       notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the
\par       documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.
\par 
\par     Neither the name of the IPython project nor the names of its
\par       contributors may be used to endorse or promote products derived from
\par       this software without specific prior written permission.
\par 
\par THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS"
\par AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE
\par IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
\par DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT OWNER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE
\par FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL
\par DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR
\par SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER
\par CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY,
\par OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE
\par OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.
\par 
\par 
\par Python 2.7
\par ----------
\par 
\par PYTHON SOFTWARE FOUNDATION LICENSE VERSION 2
\par --------------------------------------------
\par 
\par 1. This LICENSE AGREEMENT is between the Python Software Foundation
\par ("PSF"), and the Individual or Organization ("Licensee") accessing and
\par otherwise using this software ("Python") in source or binary form and
\par its associated documentation.
\par 
\par 2. Subject to the terms and conditions of this License Agreement, PSF
\par hereby grants Licensee a nonexclusive, royalty-free, world-wide
\par license to reproduce, analyze, test, perform and/or display publicly,
\par prepare derivative works, distribute, and otherwise use Python
\par alone or in any derivative version, provided, however, that PSF's
\par License Agreement and PSF's notice of copyright, i.e., "Copyright (c)
\par 2001, 2002, 2003, 2004, 2005, 2006 Python Software Foundation; All Rights
\par Reserved" are retained in Python alone or in any derivative version 
\par prepared by Licensee.
\par 
\par 3. In the event Licensee prepares a derivative work that is based on
\par or incorporates Python or any part thereof, and wants to make
\par the derivative work available to others as provided herein, then
\par Licensee hereby agrees to include in any such work a brief summary of
\par the changes made to Python.
\par 
\par 4. PSF is making Python available to Licensee on an "AS IS"
\par basis.  PSF MAKES NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR
\par IMPLIED.  BY WAY OF EXAMPLE, BUT NOT LIMITATION, PSF MAKES NO AND
\par DISCLAIMS ANY REPRESENTATION OR WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS
\par FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR THAT THE USE OF PYTHON WILL NOT
\par INFRINGE ANY THIRD PARTY RIGHTS.
\par 
\par 5. PSF SHALL NOT BE LIABLE TO LICENSEE OR ANY OTHER USERS OF PYTHON
\par FOR ANY INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OR LOSS AS
\par A RESULT OF MODIFYING, DISTRIBUTING, OR OTHERWISE USING PYTHON,
\par OR ANY DERIVATIVE THEREOF, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY THEREOF.
\par 
\par 6. This License Agreement will automatically terminate upon a material
\par breach of its terms and conditions.
\par 
\par 7. Nothing in this License Agreement shall be deemed to create any
\par relationship of agency, partnership, or joint venture between PSF and
\par Licensee.  This License Agreement does not grant permission to use PSF
\par trademarks or trade name in a trademark sense to endorse or promote
\par products or services of Licensee, or any third party.
\par 
\par 8. By copying, installing or otherwise using Python, Licensee
\par agrees to be bound by the terms and conditions of this License
\par Agreement.
\par 
\par 
\par PyWin32
\par -------
\par 
\par Copyright (c) 1996-2008, Greg Stein and Mark Hammond.
\par All rights reserved.
\par 
\par Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without 
\par modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions 
\par are met:
\par 
\par Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, 
\par this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.
\par 
\par Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright 
\par notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in 
\par the documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.
\par 
\par Neither names of Greg Stein, Mark Hammond nor the name of contributors may be used 
\par to endorse or promote products derived from this software without 
\par specific prior written permission. 
\par 
\par THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS ``AS
\par IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED
\par TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A
\par PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE REGENTS OR
\par CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL,
\par EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO,
\par PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR
\par PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF
\par LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING
\par NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS
\par SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.
\par 
\par 
\par PyWin32 (Scintilla portions)
\par ----------------------------
\par 
\par Copyright 1998-2003 by Neil Hodgson <neilh@scintilla.org>
\par 
\par All Rights Reserved 
\par 
\par Permission to use, copy, modify, and distribute this software and its 
\par documentation for any purpose and without fee is hereby granted, 
\par provided that the above copyright notice appear in all copies and that 
\par both that copyright notice and this permission notice appear in 
\par supporting documentation. 
\par 
\par NEIL HODGSON DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES WITH REGARD TO THIS 
\par SOFTWARE, INCLUDING ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY 
\par AND FITNESS, IN NO EVENT SHALL NEIL HODGSON BE LIABLE FOR ANY 
\par SPECIAL, INDIRECT OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OR ANY DAMAGES 
\par WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM LOSS OF USE, DATA OR PROFITS, 
\par WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE OR OTHER 
\par TORTIOUS ACTION, ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE 
\par OR PERFORMANCE OF THIS SOFTWARE.
\par 
\par 
\par PyWin32 (win32wnet)
\par -------------------
\par 
\par Copyright (c) 1998-1999 Cisco Systems, Inc. All Rights Reserved
\par Permission to use, copy, modify, and distribute this software and its
\par documentation for any purpose and without fee is hereby granted,
\par provided that the above copyright notice appear in all copies and that
\par both that copyright notice and this permission notice appear in
\par supporting documentation.
\par 
\par CISCO SYSTEMS, INC. DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES WITH REGARD TO THIS
\par SOFTWARE, INCLUDING ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND
\par FITNESS. IN NO EVENT SHALL CISCO SYSTEMS BE LIABLE FOR ANY LOST REVENUE, 
\par PROFIT OR DATA, OR FOR SPECIAL, INDIRECT, CONSEQUENTIAL OR INCIDENTAL
\par DAMAGES OR ANY OTHER DAMAGES WHATSOEVER, HOWEVER CAUSED AND REGARDLESS
\par OF THE THEORY OF LIABILITY, ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION
\par WITH THE USE OR PERFORMANCE OF THIS SOFTWARE.
\par 
\par 
\par PyWin32 (win32dlgdyn)
\par ---------------------
\par 
\par Copyright (C) 1995 by Motek Information Systems, Beverly Hills, CA, USA
\par 
\par                       All Rights Reserved
\par 
\par Permission to use, copy, modify, and distribute this software and its 
\par documentation for any purpose and without fee is hereby granted, 
\par provided that the above copyright notice and the two paragraphs following
\par it appear in all copies, and that the name of Motek Information Systems
\par not be used in advertising or publicity pertaining to distribution of the
\par software without specific, written prior permission.
\par 
\par MOTEK INFORMATION SYSTEMS DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES WITH REGARD TO
\par THIS SOFTWARE, INCLUDING ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND
\par FITNESS, IN NO EVENT SHALL MOTEK BE LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, INDIRECT OR
\par CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM LOSS OF USE,
\par DATA OR PROFITS, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE OR OTHER
\par TORTIOUS ACTION, ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE OR
\par PERFORMANCE OF THIS SOFTWARE.
\par 
\par 
\par PyWin32 (stdin)
\par ---------------
\par 
\par Copyright (c) 2000 David Abrahams. Permission to copy, use, modify, sell
\par and distribute this software is granted provided this copyright
\par notice appears in all copies. This software is provided "as is" without
\par express or implied warranty, and with no claim as to its suitability for
\par any purpose.
\par 
\par 
\par Pillow
\par ------
\par 
\par The Python Imaging Library (PIL) is
\par 
\par    Copyright (c) 1997-2011 by Secret Labs AB 
\par    Copyright (c) 1995-2011 by Fredrik Lundh
\par 
\par By obtaining, using, and/or copying this software and/or its associated
\par documentation, you agree that you have read, understood, and will comply
\par with the following terms and conditions:
\par 
\par Permission to use, copy, modify, and distribute this software and its
\par associated documentation for any purpose and without fee is hereby
\par granted, provided that the above copyright notice appears in all copies,
\par and that both that copyright notice and this permission notice appear in
\par supporting documentation, and that the name of Secret Labs AB or the
\par author not be used in advertising or publicity pertaining to
\par distribution of the software without specific, written prior permission.
\par 
\par SECRET LABS AB AND THE AUTHOR DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES WITH REGARD TO
\par THIS SOFTWARE, INCLUDING ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND
\par FITNESS. IN NO EVENT SHALL SECRET LABS AB OR THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR
\par ANY SPECIAL, INDIRECT OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER
\par RESULTING FROM LOSS OF USE, DATA OR PROFITS, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF
\par CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE OR OTHER TORTIOUS ACTION, ARISING OUT OF OR IN
\par CONNECTION WITH THE USE OR PERFORMANCE OF THIS SOFTWARE.
\par 
\par 
\par Pillow (QuantOctree)
\par --------------------
\par 
\par Copyright (c) 2010 Oliver Tonnhofer <olt@bogosoft.com>, Omniscale
\par 
\par Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
\par of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
\par in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
\par to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
\par copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
\par furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:
\par 
\par The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in
\par all copies or substantial portions of the Software.
\par 
\par THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
\par IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
\par FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
\par AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
\par LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
\par OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN
\par THE SOFTWARE.
\par 
\par 
\par PsUtil
\par ------
\par 
\par Copyright (c) 2009, Jay Loden, Dave Daeschler, Giampaolo Rodola'
\par All rights reserved.
\par 
\par Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without modification,
\par are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:
\par 
\par Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this
\par    list of conditions and the following disclaimer.
\par Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice,
\par    this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation
\par    and/or other materials provided with the distribution.
\par Neither the name of the psutil authors nor the names of its contributors
\par    may be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software without
\par    specific prior written permission.
\par 
\par THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND
\par ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED
\par WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
\par DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT OWNER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR
\par ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES
\par (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES;
\par LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON
\par ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT
\par (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS
\par SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.
\par 
\par 
\par Python-Dateutil
\par ---------------
\par 
\par Copyright (c) 2003-2011 - Gustavo Niemeyer <gustavo@niemeyer.net>
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af2 \ltrch\fcs0 \f2\lang1035\langfe1033\langnp1035\insrsid16206788\charrsid11931035 Copyright (c) 2012-2014 - Tomi Pievil\'e4inen <tomi.pievilainen@iki.fi>
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af2 \ltrch\fcs0 \f2\insrsid16206788\charrsid16206788 Copyright (c) 2014      - Yaron de Leeuw <me@jarondl.net>
\par 
\par All rights reserved.
\par 
\par Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
\par modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:
\par 
\par    Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice,
\par       this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.
\par    Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice,
\par       this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation
\par       and/or other materials provided with the distribution.
\par    Neither the name of the copyright holder nor the names of its
\par       contributors may be used to endorse or promote products derived from
\par       this software without specific prior written permission.
\par 
\par THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS
\par "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT
\par LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR
\par A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT OWNER OR
\par CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL,
\par EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO,
\par PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR
\par PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF
\par LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING
\par NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS
\par SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.
\par 
\par 
\par Python-Six
\par ----------
\par 
\par Copyright (c) 2010-2014 Benjamin Peterson
\par 
\par Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of
\par this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in
\par the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to
\par use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of
\par the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so,
\par subject to the following conditions:
\par 
\par The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
\par copies or substantial portions of the Software.
\par 
\par THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
\par IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS
\par FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR
\par COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER
\par IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN
\par CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af2 \ltrch\fcs0 \f2\insrsid16206788 
\par }{\*\themedata 504b030414000600080000002100e9de0fbfff0000001c020000130000005b436f6e74656e745f54797065735d2e786d6cac91cb4ec3301045f748fc83e52d4a
9cb2400825e982c78ec7a27cc0c8992416c9d8b2a755fbf74cd25442a820166c2cd933f79e3be372bd1f07b5c3989ca74aaff2422b24eb1b475da5df374fd9ad
5689811a183c61a50f98f4babebc2837878049899a52a57be670674cb23d8e90721f90a4d2fa3802cb35762680fd800ecd7551dc18eb899138e3c943d7e503b6
b01d583deee5f99824e290b4ba3f364eac4a430883b3c092d4eca8f946c916422ecab927f52ea42b89a1cd59c254f919b0e85e6535d135a8de20f20b8c12c3b0
0c895fcf6720192de6bf3b9e89ecdbd6596cbcdd8eb28e7c365ecc4ec1ff1460f53fe813d3cc7f5b7f020000ffff0300504b030414000600080000002100a5d6
a7e7c0000000360100000b0000005f72656c732f2e72656c73848fcf6ac3300c87ef85bd83d17d51d2c31825762fa590432fa37d00e1287f68221bdb1bebdb4f
c7060abb0884a4eff7a93dfeae8bf9e194e720169aaa06c3e2433fcb68e1763dbf7f82c985a4a725085b787086a37bdbb55fbc50d1a33ccd311ba548b6309512
0f88d94fbc52ae4264d1c910d24a45db3462247fa791715fd71f989e19e0364cd3f51652d73760ae8fa8c9ffb3c330cc9e4fc17faf2ce545046e37944c69e462
a1a82fe353bd90a865aad41ed0b5b8f9d6fd010000ffff0300504b0304140006000800000021006b799616830000008a0000001c0000007468656d652f746865
6d652f7468656d654d616e616765722e786d6c0ccc4d0ac3201040e17da17790d93763bb284562b2cbaebbf600439c1a41c7a0d29fdbd7e5e38337cedf14d59b
4b0d592c9c070d8a65cd2e88b7f07c2ca71ba8da481cc52c6ce1c715e6e97818c9b48d13df49c873517d23d59085adb5dd20d6b52bd521ef2cdd5eb9246a3d8b
4757e8d3f729e245eb2b260a0238fd010000ffff0300504b030414000600080000002100aa5225dfc60600008b1a0000160000007468656d652f7468656d652f
7468656d65312e786d6cec595d8bdb46147d2ff43f08bd3bfe92fcb1c41b6cd9ceb6d94d42eca4e4716c8fadc98e344633de8d0981923c160aa569e943037deb
43691b48a02fe9afd936a54d217fa17746b63c638fbb9b2585a5640d8b343af7ce997bafce1d4997afdc8fa87384134e58dc708b970aae83e3211b9178d2706f
f7bbb99aeb7081e211a22cc60d778eb97b65f7c30f2ea31d11e2083b601ff31dd4704321a63bf93c1fc230e297d814c7706dcc920809384d26f951828ec16f44
f3a542a1928f10895d274611b8bd311e932176fad2a5bbbb74dea1701a0b2e078634e949d7d8b050d8d1615122f89c0734718e106db830cf881df7f17de13a14
7101171a6e41fdb9f9ddcb79b4b330a2628bad66d7557f0bbb85c1e8b0a4e64c26836c52cff3bd4a33f3af00546ce23ad54ea553c9fc29001a0e61a52917dda7
dfaab7dafe02ab81d2438bef76b55d2e1a78cd7f798373d3973f03af40a97f6f03dfed06104503af4029dedfc07b5eb51478065e81527c65035f2d34db5ed5c0
2b5048497cb8812ef89572b05c6d061933ba6785d77daf5b2d2d9caf50500d5975c929c62c16db6a2d42f758d2058004522448ec88f9148fd110aa3840940c12
e2ec93490885374531e3305c2815ba8532fc973f4f1da988a01d8c346bc90b98f08d21c9c7e1c3844c45c3fd18bcba1ae4cdcb1fdfbc7cee9c3c7a71f2e89793
c78f4f1efd9c3a32acf6503cd1ad5e7fffc5df4f3f75fe7afeddeb275fd9f15cc7fffed367bffdfaa51d082b5d85e0d5d7cffe78f1ecd5379ffff9c3130bbc99
a0810eef930873e73a3e766eb10816a6426032c783e4ed2cfa2122ba45339e701423398bc57f478406fafa1c5164c1b5b019c13b09488c0d787576cf20dc0b93
9920168fd7c2c8001e30465b2cb146e19a9c4b0b737f164fec9327331d770ba123dbdc018a8dfc766653d05662731984d8a07993a258a0098eb170e4357688b1
6575770931e27a408609e36c2c9cbbc46921620d499f0c8c6a5a19ed9108f232b711847c1bb139b8e3b418b5adba8d8f4c24dc15885ac8f73135c27815cd048a
6c2efb28a27ac0f791086d247bf364a8e33a5c40a6279832a733c29cdb6c6e24b05e2de9d7405eec693fa0f3c84426821cda7cee23c674649b1d06218aa6366c
8fc4a18efd881f428922e7261336f80133ef10790e7940f1d674df21d848f7e96a701b9455a7b42a107965965872791533a37e7b733a4658490d08bfa1e71189
4f15f73559f7ff5b5907217df5ed53cbaa2eaaa0371362bda3f6d6647c1b6e5dbc03968cc8c5d7ee369ac53731dc2e9b0decbd74bf976ef77f2fdddbeee7772f
d82b8d06f9965bc574abae36eed1d67dfb9850da13738af7b9daba73e84ca32e0c4a3bf5cc8ab3e7b8690887f24e86090cdc2441cac64998f88488b017a229ec
ef8bae7432e10bd713ee4c19876dbf1ab6fa96783a8b0ed8287d5c2d16e5a3692a1e1c89d578c1cfc6e15143a4e84a75f50896b9576c27ea51794940dabe0d09
6d329344d942a2ba1c9441520fe610340b09b5b277c2a26e615193ee97a9da6001d4b2acc0d6c9810d57c3f53d30012378a242148f649ed2542fb3ab92f92e33
bd2d984605c03e625901ab4cd725d7adcb93ab4b4bed0c99364868e566925091513d8c87688417d52947cf42e36d735d5fa5d4a02743a1e683d25ad1a8d6fe8d
c579730d76ebda40635d2968ec1c37dc4ad9879219a269c31dc3633f1c4653a81d2eb7bc884ee0ddd95024e90d7f1e6599265cb4110fd3802bd149d520220227
0e2551c395cbcfd24063a5218a5bb104827061c9d541562e1a3948ba99643c1ee3a1d0d3ae8dc848a7a7a0f0a95658af2af3f383a5259b41ba7be1e8d819d059
720b4189f9d5a20ce0887078fb534ca33922f03a3313b255fdad35a685eceaef13550da5e3884e43b4e828ba98a77025e5191d7596c5403b5bac1902aa8564d1
080713d960f5a01add34eb1a2987ad5df7742319394d34573dd35015d935ed2a66ccb06c036bb13c5f93d7582d430c9aa677f854bad725b7bed4bab57d42d625
20e059fc2c5df70c0d41a3b69acca026196fcab0d4ecc5a8d93b960b3c85da599a84a6fa95a5dbb5b8653dc23a1d0c9eabf383dd7ad5c2d078b9af549156df3d
f44f136c700fc4a30d2f81675470954af8f09020d810f5d49e24950db845ee8bc5ad0147ce2c210df741c16f7a41c90f72859adfc97965af90abf9cd72aee9fb
e562c72f16daadd243682c228c8a7efacda50bafa2e87cf1e5458d6f7c7d89966fdb2e0d599467eaeb4a5e11575f5f8aa5ed5f5f1c02a2f3a052ead6cbf55625
572f37bb39afddaae5ea41a5956b57826abbdb0efc5abdfbd0758e14d86b9603afd2a9e52ac520c8799582a45fabe7aa5ea9d4f4aacd5ac76b3e5c6c6360e5a9
7c2c6201e155bc76ff010000ffff0300504b0304140006000800000021000dd1909fb60000001b010000270000007468656d652f7468656d652f5f72656c732f
7468656d654d616e616765722e786d6c2e72656c73848f4d0ac2301484f78277086f6fd3ba109126dd88d0add40384e4350d363f2451eced0dae2c082e8761be
9969bb979dc9136332de3168aa1a083ae995719ac16db8ec8e4052164e89d93b64b060828e6f37ed1567914b284d262452282e3198720e274a939cd08a54f980
ae38a38f56e422a3a641c8bbd048f7757da0f19b017cc524bd62107bd5001996509affb3fd381a89672f1f165dfe514173d9850528a2c6cce0239baa4c04ca5b
babac4df000000ffff0300504b01022d0014000600080000002100e9de0fbfff0000001c0200001300000000000000000000000000000000005b436f6e74656e
745f54797065735d2e786d6c504b01022d0014000600080000002100a5d6a7e7c0000000360100000b00000000000000000000000000300100005f72656c732f
2e72656c73504b01022d00140006000800000021006b799616830000008a0000001c00000000000000000000000000190200007468656d652f7468656d652f74
68656d654d616e616765722e786d6c504b01022d0014000600080000002100aa5225dfc60600008b1a00001600000000000000000000000000d6020000746865
6d652f7468656d652f7468656d65312e786d6c504b01022d00140006000800000021000dd1909fb60000001b0100002700000000000000000000000000d00900007468656d652f7468656d652f5f72656c732f7468656d654d616e616765722e786d6c2e72656c73504b050600000000050005005d010000cb0a00000000}
{\*\colorschememapping 3c3f786d6c2076657273696f6e3d22312e302220656e636f64696e673d225554462d3822207374616e64616c6f6e653d22796573223f3e0d0a3c613a636c724d
617020786d6c6e733a613d22687474703a2f2f736368656d61732e6f70656e786d6c666f726d6174732e6f72672f64726177696e676d6c2f323030362f6d6169
6e22206267313d226c743122207478313d22646b3122206267323d226c743222207478323d22646b322220616363656e74313d22616363656e74312220616363
656e74323d22616363656e74322220616363656e74333d22616363656e74332220616363656e74343d22616363656e74342220616363656e74353d22616363656e74352220616363656e74363d22616363656e74362220686c696e6b3d22686c696e6b2220666f6c486c696e6b3d22666f6c486c696e6b222f3e}
{\*\latentstyles\lsdstimax371\lsdlockeddef0\lsdsemihiddendef0\lsdunhideuseddef0\lsdqformatdef0\lsdprioritydef99{\lsdlockedexcept \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority0 \lsdlocked0 Normal;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 1;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 4;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 6;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 7;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 8;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 9;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 1;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 5;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 6;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 7;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 8;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 9;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 6;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 7;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 8;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 9;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Normal Indent;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 footnote text;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 annotation text;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 header;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 footer;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index heading;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority35 \lsdlocked0 caption;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 table of figures;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 envelope address;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 envelope return;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 footnote reference;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 annotation reference;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 line number;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 page number;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 endnote reference;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 endnote text;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 table of authorities;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 macro;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 toa heading;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Bullet;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Number;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Bullet 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Bullet 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Bullet 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Bullet 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Number 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Number 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Number 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Number 5;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority10 \lsdlocked0 Title;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Closing;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Signature;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority1 \lsdlocked0 Default Paragraph Font;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text Indent;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Continue;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Continue 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Continue 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Continue 4;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Continue 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Message Header;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority11 \lsdlocked0 Subtitle;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Salutation;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Date;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text First Indent;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text First Indent 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Note Heading;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text Indent 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text Indent 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Block Text;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Hyperlink;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 FollowedHyperlink;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority22 \lsdlocked0 Strong;
\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority20 \lsdlocked0 Emphasis;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Document Map;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Plain Text;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 E-mail Signature;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Top of Form;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Bottom of Form;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Normal (Web);\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Acronym;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Address;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Cite;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Code;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Definition;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Keyboard;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Preformatted;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Sample;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Typewriter;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Variable;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Normal Table;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 annotation subject;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 No List;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Outline List 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Outline List 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Outline List 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Simple 1;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Simple 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Simple 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Classic 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Classic 2;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Classic 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Classic 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Colorful 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Colorful 2;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Colorful 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Columns 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Columns 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Columns 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Columns 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Columns 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid 2;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid 6;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid 7;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid 8;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table List 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table List 2;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table List 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table List 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table List 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table List 6;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table List 7;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table List 8;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table 3D effects 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table 3D effects 2;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table 3D effects 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Contemporary;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Elegant;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Professional;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Subtle 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Subtle 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Web 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Web 2;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Web 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Balloon Text;\lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Theme;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdlocked0 Placeholder Text;
\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority1 \lsdlocked0 No Spacing;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid;\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2;
\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2;\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List;
\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading;\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 1;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 1;
\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 1;\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 1;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 1;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdlocked0 Revision;
\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority34 \lsdlocked0 List Paragraph;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority29 \lsdlocked0 Quote;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority30 \lsdlocked0 Intense Quote;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 1;\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 1;
\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 1;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 1;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 1;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 1;\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 1;
\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 1;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 2;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 2;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 2;\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 2;
\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 2;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 2;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 2;\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 2;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 2;
\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 2;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 2;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 2;\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 2;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 2;
\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 3;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 3;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 3;\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 3;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 3;
\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 3;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 3;\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 3;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 3;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 3;
\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 3;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 3;\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 3;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 3;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 4;
\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 4;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 4;\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 4;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 4;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 4;
\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 4;\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 4;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 4;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 4;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 4;
\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 4;\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 4;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 4;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 5;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 5;
\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 5;\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 5;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 5;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 5;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 5;
\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 5;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 5;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 5;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 5;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 5;
\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 5;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 5;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 6;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 6;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 6;
\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 6;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 6;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 6;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 6;
\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 6;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 6;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 6;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 6;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 6;
\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 6;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 6;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority19 \lsdlocked0 Subtle Emphasis;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority21 \lsdlocked0 Intense Emphasis;
\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority31 \lsdlocked0 Subtle Reference;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority32 \lsdlocked0 Intense Reference;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority33 \lsdlocked0 Book Title;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority37 \lsdlocked0 Bibliography;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 TOC Heading;\lsdpriority41 \lsdlocked0 Plain Table 1;\lsdpriority42 \lsdlocked0 Plain Table 2;\lsdpriority43 \lsdlocked0 Plain Table 3;\lsdpriority44 \lsdlocked0 Plain Table 4;
\lsdpriority45 \lsdlocked0 Plain Table 5;\lsdpriority40 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table Light;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4;
\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 1;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 1;
\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 1;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 1;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 1;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 1;
\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 1;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 2;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 2;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 2;
\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 2;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 2;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 2;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 2;
\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 3;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 3;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 3;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 3;
\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 3;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 3;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 3;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 4;
\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 4;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 4;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 4;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 4;
\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 4;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 4;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 5;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 5;
\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 5;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 5;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 5;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 5;
\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 5;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 6;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 6;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 6;
\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 6;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 6;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 6;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 6;
\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark;
\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 1;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 1;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 1;
\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 1;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 1;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 1;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 1;
\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 2;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 2;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 2;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 2;
\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 2;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 2;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 2;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 3;
\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 3;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 3;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 3;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 3;
\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 3;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 3;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 4;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 4;
\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 4;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 4;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 4;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 4;
\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 4;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 5;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 5;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 5;
\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 5;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 5;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 5;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 5;
\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 6;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 6;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 6;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 6;
\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 6;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 6;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 6;}}{\*\datastore 010500000200000018000000
4d73786d6c322e534158584d4c5265616465722e362e3000000000000000000000060000
d0cf11e0a1b11ae1000000000000000000000000000000003e000300feff090006000000000000000000000001000000010000000000000000100000feffffff00000000feffffff0000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
fffffffffffffffffdfffffffeffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff52006f006f007400200045006e00740072007900000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000016000500ffffffffffffffffffffffff0c6ad98892f1d411a65f0040963251e500000000000000000000000060ee
f36286bcd401feffffff00000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffff00000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
00000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffff0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffff000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000105000000000000}}